# KushajveerSingh.github.io

## Pages

-   Create in `src/pages`. It is recommended to create a directory for each page, to keep all the styles, components in the same place. Like `src/pages/support/index.tsx`.
-   Import styles using `import styles from './styles.module.css';`.
-   Files prefixed with underscore, would be ignored and no route will be created.
-   `.tsx` page

    ```tsx
    import Layout from '@theme/Layout'; // for navbar, footer

    export default function Page(): JSX.Element {
        return (
            <Layout>
                <div>Hello World</div>
            </Layout>
        );
    }
    ```

-   `.mdx` page

    ```mdx
    ---
    title: Kushajveer Singh
    hide_table_of_contents: true
    ---

    Hello world
    ```

## Docs

-   Each document can be tagged like in a blog post.
-   Every document has an id. For `docs/guide/hello.md` the id is `guide/hello`. Is id used for refering document when creating sidebar.
-   The following URLs will all resolve to `docs/Guides`
    -   `/docs/Guides/index.md`
    -   `/docs/Guides/README.md`
    -   `/docs/Guides/Guides.md`
-   `slug` can be used to change the url of the document. It can be absolute or relative to the current folder.
    -   `slug: /myslug` - absolute from base url.
    -   `slug: myslug`, `slug: ./../myslug` - relative to current folder.
-   Recommended to make file system mirror the sidebar structure, and use `slug` to customize the url of each document.
    -   Docusaurus supports number prefix patterns i.e. it will remove the number prefix from the doc id, title, label, URL paths. So you can name your files like `01-Intro.md`.
    -   The above approach has a downside, that when you update the file name, all other file names also need to be updated, which can affect hyperlinks as well.
    -   Instead you can provide sidebar position using `sidebar_position: 2` frontmatter.

## Markdown docs frontmatter

```
---
title: used in title, next, prev, sidebar
description: by default first line of markdown, appears in meta description
image: cover or thuimbnail image when displaying link to your post
slug: to customize the document url
draft: false, only available in development
unlisted: false, they are hidden in production, not indexed, no sitemap
last_update: override last update manually

id: unique_document_id (default, file path including folders without extension)
pagination_label: text used in next/prev buttons
sidebar_label: text used in sidebar
sidebar_position: (number) sidebar position when using autogenerated
hide_title: to hide the title (defined in frontmatter) to appear in markdown
hide_table_of_contents: false
toc_min_heading_level: 2
toc_max_heading_level: 3
pagination_next: set to "null" without quotes to hide next button
pagination_prev: same as above
---
```

## Markdown blog frontmatter

```
---
authors: kushaj
title: blog title
description:
image:
slug:
date: yaml date string
tags: [testing]
draft: false
unlisted: false
hide_table_of_contents: false
toc_min_heading_level: 2
toc_max_heading_level: 3
---
```

## TODO

-   finish sidebars.ts
-   modify src/css/custom.css to use tailwind theme or a custom theme
-   create a global data.ts file and move src/pages.index.tsx (title, description info to that)
-   add blog/authors.yml to data.ts
-   in docusaurus.config.ts, move the following to data.ts
    -   title, url, tagline
    -   blogtitle, blogdescription
    -   feedOptions.title, feedOptions.description, feedOptions.copyright
-   add headTags in docusaurus.config.ts based on html head options
-   generate favicon (other things that you would have done for picpulse project)
-   modify kushajveersingh.com/blog and kushajveersingh.com/blog/tags page
-   add support for plugin-pwa
-   Verify all links in footer are working
-   in docusaurus.config.ts themeConfig
    -   image: tfor og:image, twitter:image
    -   metadata
    -   add navbar fields to data.ts
    -   add all socials
    -   move socials to data.ts
    -   organize duplication in footer links, and move copyright to data.ts
